initial draft of dump doc clarification (#32988)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/debug-memory-leak.md

Complete
```

> [!NOTE]

> > For a comparison over time, let the original process continue running after collected the first dump and collect a second dump, as explained above, prior to restarting the app. You would then have two dumps over a period of time, and could compare them to assist in seeing where the memory is growing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For a comparison over time, let the original process continue running after collecting the first dump and collect a second dump the same way. You would then have two dumps over a period of time that you can compare to see where memory usage is growing.
```

In this tutorial, you're now done with the [Sample debug target](/samples/dotnet/samples/diagnostic-scenarios/) and you can close it. Navigate to the terminal that started the server, and press <kbd>Ctrl+C</kbd>.

> [!NOTE]

> > After restarting the failed process and letting it run for around one minute, you could collect another dump in the same way explained above. You would then have two dumps over a period of time, and could compare them to assist in seeing where the memory is growing.

Reviewer: Collecting a dump after restart won't be very useful because restarting has reset all memory usage. For a more useful comparison over time they should let the original process continue running after collecting the first dump and collect the 2nd one prior to restarting. This NOTE should probably go at the end of the Generate Memory dump section.
